# 42 Inception

This project aims to broaden your knowledge of system administration by using `Docker`. 

You will virtualize several `Docker images`, creating them in your new personal `virtual machine`.

## Index

- [1. Introduction](#Introduction-of-docker)
    - [1.1. Docker Image](#Docker-Image)
    - [1.2. Docker Container](#Docker-Container)
    - [1.3. Docker Volumes](#Docker-Volumes)
- [2. Objectives](#Objectives)


## Introduction_of_docker

Docker is a platform for developers and sysadmins to develop, deploy, and run applications with containers. The use of Linux containers to deploy applications is called containerization. Containers are not new, but their use for easily deploying applications is.


### Docker Image

A Docker image is a file, comprised of multiple layers, used to execute code in a Docker container. An image is essentially built from the instructions for a complete and executable version of an application, which relies on the host OS kernel. When the Docker user runs an image, it can become one or multiple instances of the container.

The Docker image is read-only. When Docker runs a container from an image, it adds a read-write layer on top of the image (using a union file system) in which the application can run. Generally, is a single file called `Dockerfile` that contains all the instructions to build an image.

### Docker Container

A Docker container is a runtime instance of a Docker image. It represents the execution of a single application, process, or service. It consists of the contents of a Docker image, an execution environment, and a standard set of instructions. A container is completely isolated from its environment, including the host machine. 

### Docker Volumes

Docker volumes are used to persist data from a Docker container. Volumes are a preferred way to persist data generated by and used by Docker containers. While bind mounts are dependent on the directory structure of the host machine, volumes are completely managed by Docker.


